Day 1
Server was overloaded; could have set up something to automate submitting. Didn't matter since the day is unscored and I'm happy not to be bombarding the server with requests when it's down.

Day 2
Used c[r+1] rather than c[r-1] to work with the fact that r used 1-based indexing.(wrong submission)
Then added code to check that the values were in bounds.(ws)
Then forgot to remove the broken code to check that the values were in bounds(ws)
Then somehow had changed one == to != but not the other.(ws)

Day 3
Wasn't perfectly ready on time (tried to do a 2017 one as warmup).
Didn't read the question fully (missed the repeat horizontally bit.
Got dx and dy mixed up

Day 4
Used d rather than p (I needed a dictionary). Took a while to spot the mistake because I've assigned to d unnecessarily so that I have a defaultdict handy
wrote ecl rather than hcl

Day 5

Day 6
Input and problem statement took 2 minutes to load
misreading the question
ignoring the last group
(part 2) set.intersection does not mutate

Day 7
Not getting quite enough sleep
forgetting to multiply by n (after realizing I needed to do it!) (ws)

Day 8

Day 9
part 2 - missing a digit when copying a number (for a check that wasn't even necessary :( )

Day 10
part 1 - not reading/recalling the question fully (and not testing with the sample input sooner) (I missed the last 3-jolt gap)

Day 11
Not knowing that the argument to defaultdict did not take an argument.
Overwriting the variable k

Day 12
printing 2 values without printing their sum (the result) (only cost a few seconds)

Day 13
part 1 - not reading the details of the output carefully enough(ws)
part 2 - forgetting to negate the starting times

Day 14
part 2 - forgetting to add a component of the bit manipulation (ws)

Day 15
Not waking up on time

Day 16
Lots of being slow in small ways (e.g. parsing, using set.remove(x), not set.discard(x))

Day 17
thinking range(-1,1) was the sequence [0,1,2] (wrong submission)
leaving in a print statement that cost several seconds hence a couple of leaderboard positions.

Day 18
part 1 - Returning a value before combining the last component (ws)
part 2 - Consuming close-parens multiple times(ws)

Day 19
part 1 - not using regexes soon enough, not knowing them well enough.
part 2 - writing a+count(42)+count(31) rather than count(42)+a+count(31)

Day 20
part 1 - not reading the question carefully enough; writing 1 rather than -1
part 2 - getting some rotations the wrong way round (for left and right) (ws). I'm surprised I managed to debug this
Tracking rotations of entire tiles rather than just edges then reconstructing from info about edges might have been easier.
